Hello and welcome to another challenge.
This challenge is going to test your knowledge on your understanding of the chain of responsibility
design pattern.
We're going to write an error handler application that used the chain of responsibility pattern consider
an application which is handling e-mail or facts errors if we have an email error or fax error.
We need to take care of this issue reported in each of these communications.
We're going to need to write to air handler classes.
These are going to be concrete handlers.
We're going to be named email air handler refactor and they're pretty straightforward.
Email air handler will handle e-mail our email airs only it's not responsible for the facts here's what
it's gonna do is it's gonna pass a message for text and if that tax contains the word email that means
it's an email error fax error handler will handle facts errors and it does not care about any e mailers
so it's gonna do the same thing it's going to pass a message for text that contains the word facts as
instead of email so the requirements you're going to need to create a chain for the error handling whenever
our main application finds an error it's just going to raise this and forward the error with the hope
that one of those handlers will handle it the request will first come to the facts are handled.
That's the first in the chain.
If it finds that it's a fax issue it will handle the request otherwise it will for the issue to the
email error handler the second the chain our chain is gonna end with the email error handler your application
should also be a process both normal and high priority issues from either one of these communications
you'll need to create some helper classes for the priority for message priority this can be an enum
and you also need a message the message can have a test or message priority member variables another
help a class that may be useful for initiating the chain could be issue razor this class could be used
by the client to start the chain your handler interface can have methods to process the message and
set the next chain pretty straightforward there we did that in our previous example here's an example
class diagram we have our message priority which is an enum and that will be well the message will have
a message priority a text and a message will have our client that's going to set the chain of responsibility
and we'll have our two air handler classes with our receiver being the interface and then our air hand
that has two methods in it setting the setting the next chain and processing the message in our two
area handler classes that act as the chain Here's some example output here's where the factory handler
is processing a normal priority issue faxes reaching late to the destination is the message that's their
email handlers then processing next to errors one is high priority 1 is normal priority and the text
is the actual issue is emails not going and in the email PCC field is disabled and then the last one
is fax here.
So you're creating a number of different errors and they're either containing fax or email in the message
here and you're gonna pass that message and then depending on what they contain the right chain the
right object going to handle them other considerations if you need to handle another type of issue such
as an authentication you can easily add another air handler it's very easy to add new errors authentication
error handler because that can just implement our interface whenever the issue cannot be fixed by email
handler the issue can be forwarded to the authentication error handler and the channel and there the
bottom line is as follows the channel and if the issue is being processed by some handler or there are
no more handlers to process it.
In other words we have reached the end of the chain.
So good luck.
You have to implement this using the chain of responsibility pattern in the next lecture I'll provide
a solution.
Thank you.